Call for papers: Transportation Energy Transitions
**************************************************

:tags: cfp, 2022

The TRB Transportation Energy Committee (AMS30) seeks papers on a broad range of topics related to Transportation Energy Transitions.
Of particular interest are papers that report on transportation energy transitions in the context of climate mitigation goals, including the timing, pace, and pathways for changes in fuels and fleets.
While a large share of submissions are typically focused on light-duty vehicle fleet and energy use, the committee also encourages authors to submit new papers on energy use and efficiency in medium-duty, heavy-duty, rail, aviation, and marine modes.
Within the scope of this call for papers are studies examining the implications for upstream energy markets—petroleum, electric power, natural gas, renewable fuels—in the context of the broader energy system.
Authors are encouraged to consider a broad range of social—including economic and equity—and environmental aspects of changing transport energy systems,  including both impacts of energy production and use on these phenomena, and vice versa.

In addition to consideration for review and publication in TRR, the committee will organize presentation and podium sessions at the 2022 Annual Meeting (January 9–13, 2022).
High quality papers relevant to subcommittee work can also be highlighted during committee and subcommittee meetings.
Where appropriate, this committee will also work with other committees to identify papers of common interest.

Eligible papers can address a broad range of topics related to transportation energy and energy transitions.
These include, but are not limited to, the following topic areas:

1. Transportation energy and climate transitions, for instance as related to decarbonization or carbon neutrality policies and targets.
2. Changes in global, inter- and trans-national transportation energy systems, beyond the United States.
3. Social and behavioral aspects of choices regarding transportation fuels, efficiency, and vehicles, as well as energy impacts of reduced and avoided transportation activity.
4. Consumer preferences and trends in a changing new and used technology market, including affordability and equity dimensions, and policy related thereto.
5. Advances in fuel economy technologies and performance in light and heavy-duty vehicles fleets, including test cycles, real-world performance, and impacts of driver behavior and eco-driving.
6. Energy impacts of connected and automated vehicles (CAVs).
7. Energy impacts of changes in transportation activity or demand, mode choice, and ‘new’ mobility options including shared vehicles (e.g., cars, e-scooters, bikes), ride-sharing, and ride-hailing
8. Energy use and implications of emerging technologies for urban delivery.
9. Energy security and resilience impacts of changing vehicle fleets and energy infrastructure.

Co-sponsoring (sub)committees
=============================

- AMS10 - Standing Committee Transportation Air Quality and Greenhouse Gases
- AMS40 - Standing Committee Alternative Transportation Fuels and Technologies
- AMS30(1) – Subcommittee on International Aspects of Transportation
- AMS30(2) - Subcommittee on Climate Change
- AMS30(3) – Subcommittee on Energy and Environmental Aspects of Connected and Automated Vehicles

Notes
=====

Authors submitting papers in response to this Call for Papers should:

- Check the following pages on the TRB website: `Paper Submission`_, `Paper Author FAQ`_, and `Criteria for Desk Reject`_.
- Submit full papers for peer review to the Transportation Research Board online at https://www.TRB.org/AnnualMeeting between June 1 and August 1.[1]_
- Indicate “AMS30 Transportation Energy” and or the CFP title “Transportation Energy Transitions” on the paper submission form.
- Contact the CFP organizer (mail@trbenergy.org) if you are considering submitting a paper and need additional information.

Paper submission is open from June 1 to August 1, closing when it is no longer August 1 anywhere in the world, after which no submissions or revisions are accepted.

.. _`Paper Submission`: https://trb.secure-platform.com/a/page/TRBPaperReview
.. _`Paper Author FAQ`: https://trb.secure-platform.com/a/page/TRBPaperReview/trbamfaq
.. _`Criteria for Desk Reject`: https://cdn.filestackcontent.com/0WJJGiNNSWq30J4yDnYD?CriteriaforDeskRejections.pdf

.. [1] Paper submission closes when “it is no longer August 1 anywhere in the world.”
   This means 2021-08-02 at 12:00 UTC.
   After this time, no submissions or revisions are accepted.
