Chair's welcome to the 2021 Annual Meeting
******************************************

Dear Members and Friends of the Transportation Energy Committee (AMS30):

I hope this finds you well as we finally close out 2020!

Visit `https://trbenergy.org/2021 <{filename}/pages/2021.rst>`_ for a summary table of the 2021 Annual Meeting events that are sponsored or co-sponsored by our Transportation Energy committee (AMS30).
There are also online summaries of related events of interest. TRB have also provided guidance for attendees, presenters, and presiding officers on participating in Committee Meetings, Lectern Sessions, Poster Sessions, Simulive Workshops, and Live Workshops, and understanding the differences between each type of event and the formats.


We have some exciting Workshops, Lectern Sessions, and Poster Sessions lined up toward the end of January.
I also highly encourage you to attend the Committee/Subcommittee meetings.
Our AMS30 Subcommittee Chairs have organized a number of excellent presentations and panels, breakout sessions, online polls, and other opportunities for interaction and networking.
These meetings will cover the latest in international transportation energy developments; climate change and big ideas for zero carbon transport; and connected and automated vehicles and the effects of these new technologies on demand, energy use, and emissions.

Thank you to all of the AMS30 volunteers who have worked diligently to organize these workshops, poster sessions, lectern session, and meetings!
I appreciate everyone’s flexibility this year as we all adapt to the virtual format.
Please reach out with any questions.

Happy New Year!

Dr. Rebecca Dodder (`dodder.rebecca@epa.gov <mailto:dodder.rebecca@epa.gov>`_)

Chair, TRB Committee on Transportation Energy (AMS30)
